could have talked about how these differ from what we talked about
"basic overview" slide could use an image illustrating what both look like

Volumetric lighting

The slides are pretty text-heavy, and at the pace you were going, the text doesn't add much because there's not time to listen to you and read it as well. It's generally a good idea to have the slides be primarily there to provide visual support for what you're saying. The figure on the transmittance slide is helpful - this is the kind of thing I'd like to see more of.
You mention beer's law but didn't really say what this means; you don't need to go through the equation in detail, but you could still talk about the high-level intuition.

The interactive demo was great - really helpful to see the visual effect of the different parameters to the model. 


Are all of those examples rendered? Skyfall?

Would be good to pause and ask for questions between the two sections.

Global illumination

The figures are helpful; it would be useful to walk over to them and point along the arrows as you describe the path of the light.

When motivating monte carlo, it would be useful to phrase this intractable problem as the computation of an integral. For the bullet-point algorithm ("putting it together" slide), it would be helpful to have a pointer or highlights that step through them one at a time so it's easy to reference the one you're talking about. When you talked about the high cost of recursively generating rays, you made the point well but made a digression before offering a solution. This was ok, but a little jarring. The interactive demo was helpful

When you showed the different levels of noise for a given number of samples, what does 256 samples mean? Is that 256 generated for every bounce?

Student feedback was positive - a number of people were hungry for more details in terms of math or pseudocode, but with the time available you covered things at a pretty good level. Perhaps next time I'd encourage you to scope it narrower but deeper.
